examples/demo_content.md, before:

# 🚀 Slide Generator - Complete Feature Demo

Welcome to the **comprehensive demonstration** of the *Slide Generator*!

This presentation showcases ==all implemented features== including `inline styling`, tables, themes, and more.

---

# ✨ Inline Styling Features

## Basic Formatting

**Bold text** using double asterisks or __double underscores__.

*Italic text* using single asterisks or _single underscores_.

`Inline code` using backticks for technical terms like `SlideGenerator.generate()`.

==Highlighted text== using double equals for ==important information==.

++Underlined text++ using double plus signs for ++emphasis or citations++.

~~strikethrough text~~ using double tilde for ~~deleted text~~.

^^wavy underlined text^^ using double caret for ^^emphasized information^^.

A sentence with a [Google](https://google.com) hyperlink embedded.

[Colorful text]{.red} demonstrates inline color customization.

## Advanced Combinations

- **Bold with *italic inside* for emphasis**
- *Italic with **bold inside** for variety*
- ==Highlighted with **bold inside** for attention==
- ++Underlined with **bold inside** for citations++
- `Code with formatting` (note: formatting preserved where possible)

## Real-World Examples

The `SlideGenerator` class provides a **powerful API** for converting *markdown* to ==professional presentations== with 
++full formatting support++.

Call `generator.generate(markdown, "output.pptx")` where **markdown** is your source and ==output.pptx== is the ++final 
result++.

---

# 📊 Table Features - HTML Auto-Width

## Smart Column Distribution

| Feature | Status | Implementation | Detailed Notes |
|---------|--------|----------------|----------------|
| User Authentication | ✅ Complete | OAuth 2.0 with JWT tokens | Full security implementation |
| Database Migration | 🚧 In Progress | 80% complete, testing pending | Schema updates in progress |
| API Documentation | ✅ Complete | OpenAPI 3.0 specification | Interactive docs available |
| Performance Optimization | 🔄 Planning | Redis caching + CDN | Expected 50% speed improvement |

## Compact Table Example

| Name | Age | City | Country |
|------|-----|------|---------|
| Alice | 30 | NYC | USA |
| Bob | 25 | London | UK |
| Carol | 35 | Tokyo | Japan |

**Key Features:**
- ✅ **HTML auto-width**: Columns sized by content, not equal distribution
- ✅ **Theme-aware borders**: Dark theme uses light borders, default uses dark
- ✅ **Native PowerPoint tables**: Perfect compatibility and professional appearance

---

# 🎨 Theme Demonstration

## Default Theme Features
- **Light background** with dark text
- **Black borders** on tables for clear definition
- **Professional color scheme** suitable for business presentations
- **High contrast** for excellent readability

## Dark Theme Features  
- **Dark background** (#1a1a1a) for modern appearance
- **Light gray borders** (#e0e0e0) for visibility on dark background
- **White text** for optimal contrast
- **Contemporary design** perfect for tech presentations

---

# 💻 Code Block Support

## Python Example

```python
def fibonacci(n):
    if n <= 1:
        return n
    return fibonacci(n-1) + fibonacci(n-2)

# Generate sequence
for i in range(10):
    result = fibonacci(i)
    print(f"F({i}) = {result}")
```

## JavaScript Example

```javascript
async function fetchUserData(userId) {
    try {
        const response = await fetch(`/api/users/${userId}`);
        return await response.json();
    } catch (error) {
        console.error('Failed to fetch user data:', error);
        throw error;
    }
}
```

## SQL Example

```sql
-- Complex query with joins and aggregation
SELECT 
    u.username,
    COUNT(p.id) as post_count,
    AVG(p.rating) as avg_rating
FROM users u
LEFT JOIN posts p ON u.id = p.user_id
WHERE u.created_at >= '2024-01-01'
GROUP BY u.id, u.username
HAVING COUNT(p.id) > 5
ORDER BY avg_rating DESC;
```

---

# 📝 List Formatting

## Unordered Lists

- **Primary feature**: Full markdown support
- **Secondary feature**: Inline styling within lists
  - *Nested items* with proper indentation
  - `Code elements` in list items
  - ==Highlighted content== for emphasis
- **Tertiary feature**: Multiple nesting levels

## Ordered Lists

1. **Setup Phase**
   1. Install dependencies with `pip install -r requirements.txt`
   2. Configure environment variables
   3. Initialize database schema

2. **Development Phase**
   1. Write ==clean, maintainable code==
   2. Add comprehensive *unit tests*
   3. Document **public APIs**

3. **Deployment Phase**
   1. Run `pytest` for quality assurance
   2. Deploy to ==production environment==
   3. Monitor *system performance*

---

# ⚠️ Admonition Demo

Below are examples of every admonition style currently supported by the slide generator:

!!! note "Note"
    This is a friendly note.

!!! info "Information"
    Additional information for the reader.

!!! tip "Tip"
    Quick pro-tip to speed up your workflow.

!!! warning "Watch Out"
    Something risky here. Proceed with caution when performing this step.

!!! caution "Caution"
    Be careful — this operation cannot be undone.

!!! danger "Danger"
    Serious danger ahead. Backup your data first!

!!! error "Error"
    The system encountered a fatal error.

!!! attention "Attention"
    Eye-catching message for important updates.

---

# 🧩 Admonitions in Columns

:::columns

:::column

!!! tip "Left Column"
    Tips stay readable even in a narrow column.

:::

:::column

!!! danger "Right Column"
    Danger blocks render correctly alongside others.

:::

:::

---

# 🔧 Technical Architecture

## Core Components

| Component | Responsibility | Key Features |
|-----------|----------------|--------------|
| **MarkdownParser** | Parse markdown to HTML | Enhanced with `markdown-it-py`, custom syntax support |
| **LayoutEngine** | Measure and position elements | Browser-based measurement, accurate pagination |
| **PPTXRenderer** | Generate PowerPoint files | Native table support, theme-aware styling |
| **ThemeLoader** | Manage visual themes | CSS-based configuration, font size synchronization |

## Processing Pipeline

The system processes content through these stages:
1. **Markdown Input** → Parse with markdown-it-py
2. **HTML Generation** → Add inline styling support  
3. **Browser Layout** → Measure with Puppeteer engine
4. **Block Positioning** → Calculate precise coordinates
5. **PowerPoint Output** → Generate native PPTX format

---

# 📏 Pagination & Layout

## Intelligent Pagination

The system uses **browser-based measurement** for accurate pagination:

- ✅ **Boundary detection**: Content exceeding slide limits automatically flows to next slide
- ✅ **Relative positioning**: Accounts for CSS margins and spacing
- ✅ **Overflow prevention**: No content extends beyond slide boundaries
- ✅ **Smart breaks**: Preserves logical content grouping where possible

## Layout Quality

- **Pixel-perfect positioning** using browser layout engine
- **Consistent spacing** matching CSS specifications
- **Professional typography** with proper font rendering
- **Responsive design** adapting to different content types

---

# 🎯 Quality Assurance

## Test Coverage

| Test Category | Count | Coverage |
|---------------|-------|----------|
| Unit Tests | 51 | Core functionality |
| Integration Tests | 15 | End-to-end workflows |
| Visual Tests | 3 | Appearance validation |
| Boundary Tests | 8 | Edge case handling |

## Validation Features

- **Content completeness**: All markdown elements preserved
- **No overlaps**: Shapes positioned without collision
- **Boundary compliance**: Content within slide limits
- **Format consistency**: Styling applied correctly
- **Theme adherence**: Colors and fonts match specifications

---

# 🌟 Recent Improvements

## Table Column Width Fix ✅

**Problem**: Columns distributed equally regardless of content
**Solution**: HTML auto-width calculation with proper PowerPoint integration

**Before**: `Age` column wrapping to `Ag\\ne` due to equal distribution
**After**: Smart width allocation based on content (60px, 47px, 51px)

## Dark Theme Border Fix ✅

**Problem**: Black borders invisible on dark background
**Solution**: Theme-aware border colors with XML manipulation

**Dark Theme**: Light gray borders (`#e0e0e0`) for visibility
**Default Theme**: Black borders (`#000`) for definition

---

# 📈 Performance Metrics

## Processing Speed

| Content Type | Processing Time | Slides Generated |
|--------------|----------------|------------------|
| Simple Text | ~0.5 seconds | 1-2 slides |
| With Tables | ~1.2 seconds | 2-3 slides |
| Code Heavy | ~0.8 seconds | 2-4 slides |
| Mixed Content | ~1.5 seconds | 3-5 slides |

## Quality Metrics

- ✅ **99.8% formatting accuracy** across all content types
- ✅ **Zero overlaps** in generated presentations
- ✅ **100% boundary compliance** - no content overflow
- ✅ **Perfect theme consistency** across all elements

---

# 🎉 Summary & Next Steps

## What You've Experienced

- ✅ **Complete inline styling** - bold, italic, code, highlights
- ✅ **Smart table rendering** - HTML auto-width with theme-aware borders  
- ✅ **Professional code blocks** - syntax highlighting and proper formatting
- ✅ **Intelligent pagination** - browser-based measurement and positioning
- ✅ **Theme support** - default and dark themes with full consistency
- ✅ **Quality assurance** - comprehensive testing and validation

## Ready for Production

This slide generator is **production-ready** with:
- 🚀 **High performance** browser-based rendering
- 🎯 **Pixel-perfect accuracy** in layout and positioning  
- 🎨 **Professional themes** with consistent styling
- 🔧 **Robust architecture** with comprehensive error handling
- ✅ **Extensive testing** ensuring reliability and quality

**Thank you** for exploring the ==complete feature set==!

---

# 🔗 Technical Details

## API Usage

Basic usage example:

```python
from slide_generator.generator import SlideGenerator

# Basic usage
generator = SlideGenerator()
generator.generate(markdown_content, "output.pptx")

# With theme support
generator = SlideGenerator(theme="dark")
generator.generate(markdown_content, "dark_presentation.pptx")
```

## Configuration Options

- **Themes**: `"default"`, `"dark"`
- **Debug mode**: Detailed processing information
- **Output formats**: PowerPoint (.pptx) with full compatibility
- **Custom styling**: CSS-based theme configuration

**End of demonstration** - ==All features showcased==! 🎊

---

# 🧮 Math Equations Support

The slide generator now supports LaTeX math equations using KaTeX rendering.

## Inline Math

You can include inline math like $E=mc^2$ or $\alpha + \beta = \gamma$ directly in your text.

The quadratic formula is $x = \frac{-b \pm \sqrt{b^2-4ac}}{2a}$.

## Block Math

For display math, use double dollar signs:

$$
\int_a^b f'(x) dx = f(b) - f(a)
$$

Euler's famous identity:

$$
e^{i\pi} + 1 = 0
$$

## Complex Equations

More complex equations like matrices are also supported:

$$
\begin{pmatrix}
a & b \\
c & d
\end{pmatrix}
\begin{pmatrix}
x \\
y
\end{pmatrix}
=
\begin{pmatrix}
ax + by \\
cx + dy
\end{pmatrix}
$$

Math equations are automatically cached for performance and work in both themes!

---

# 📈 Figures Demo

Bar chart (80% width):

![Caption: Sample bar chart demonstrating data visualization with proper scaling|0.8x](assets/chart_bar.png)

Pie chart (60% height):

![Caption: Distribution chart showing proportional data representation|0.6y](assets/chart_pie.png)

## Advanced Jinja2 Template Examples

You can also use the new template syntax for dynamic figures:
{% figure "bar_chart" width=0.7 caption="Generated using Jinja2 template syntax" %}

# Two-column slide: table on left, [text on right]{.wavy .blue}

:::columns

:::column

### 📋 Project Status Table

| Task | Owner | Progress |
|------|-------|----------|
| Authentication | Alice | [100%]{.red} |
| Database | Bob | [80%]{.green} |
| API Docs | Carol | [100%]{.green .underline} |
| Analytics | Dave | 60% |

:::

:::column

### ✍️ Notes

All core features are either complete or in final testing. 
[Performance]{.bold .blue} metrics are excellent.

:::

:::

---

# 📈 Figures Demo (Columns)

:::columns

:::column {width=60%}

![Caption: Task completion progress visualization](assets/chart_bar.png)

:::

:::column

The bar chart shows relative task completion percentages. Authentication and API docs are finished; analytics is lagging.

:::

:::

---

# 🖼️ Figure + Table Demo

:::columns

:::column

![Pie Chart](assets/chart_pie.png)

:::

:::column

| Segment | % |
|---------|---|
| Complete | 55 |
| In-Progress | 35 |
| Blocked | 10 |

:::

:::

---

# Two-column slide (60% / 40%)

:::columns

:::column {width=60%}

### 📋 Project Status Table

| Task | Owner | Progress |
|------|-------|----------|
| Authentication | Alice | 100% |
| Database | Bob | 80% |
| API Docs | Carol | 100% |
| Analytics | Dave | 60% |

:::

:::column {width=40%}

### ✍️ Notes

All core features are either complete or in progress. Remaining items are performance tuning and UX polish.

:::

:::

---

# Two-column slide (Auto + default)

:::columns

:::column {width=auto}

### 📋 Project Status Table

| Task | Owner | Progress |
|------|-------|----------|
| Authentication | Alice | 100% |
| Database | Bob | 80% |
| API Docs | Carol | 100% |
| Analytics | Dave | 60% |

:::

:::column

### ✍️ Notes

All core features are either complete or in progress. Remaining items are performance tuning and UX polish.

:::

:::

Commit message:

Tentative feature to add speaker notes; messy implementation, needs architectural revamp

examples/demo_content.md, after:

# 🚀 Slide Generator - Complete Feature Demo

Welcome to the **comprehensive demonstration** of the *Slide Generator*!

This presentation showcases ==all implemented features== including `inline styling`, tables, themes, and more.

---

# ✨ Inline Styling Features

## Basic Formatting

**Bold text** using double asterisks or __double underscores__.

*Italic text* using single asterisks or _single underscores_.

`Inline code` using backticks for technical terms like `SlideGenerator.generate()`.

==Highlighted text== using double equals for ==important information==.

++Underlined text++ using double plus signs for ++emphasis or citations++.

~~strikethrough text~~ using double tilde for ~~deleted text~~.

^^wavy underlined text^^ using double caret for ^^emphasized information^^.

A sentence with a [Google](https://google.com) hyperlink embedded.

[Colorful text]{.red} demonstrates inline color customization.

## Advanced Combinations

- **Bold with *italic inside* for emphasis**
- *Italic with **bold inside** for variety*
- ==Highlighted with **bold inside** for attention==
- ++Underlined with **bold inside** for citations++
- `Code with formatting` (note: formatting preserved where possible)

## Real-World Examples

The `SlideGenerator` class provides a **powerful API** for converting *markdown* to ==professional presentations== with 
++full formatting support++.

Call `generator.generate(markdown, "output.pptx")` where **markdown** is your source and ==output.pptx== is the ++final 
result++.

---

# 📊 Table Features - HTML Auto-Width

## Smart Column Distribution

| Feature | Status | Implementation | Detailed Notes |
|---------|--------|----------------|----------------|
| User Authentication | ✅ Complete | OAuth 2.0 with JWT tokens | Full security implementation |
| Database Migration | 🚧 In Progress | 80% complete, testing pending | Schema updates in progress |
| API Documentation | ✅ Complete | OpenAPI 3.0 specification | Interactive docs available |
| Performance Optimization | 🔄 Planning | Redis caching + CDN | Expected 50% speed improvement |

## Compact Table Example

| Name | Age | City | Country |
|------|-----|------|---------|
| Alice | 30 | NYC | USA |
| Bob | 25 | London | UK |
| Carol | 35 | Tokyo | Japan |

**Key Features:**
- ✅ **HTML auto-width**: Columns sized by content, not equal distribution
- ✅ **Theme-aware borders**: Dark theme uses light borders, default uses dark
- ✅ **Native PowerPoint tables**: Perfect compatibility and professional appearance

---

# 🎨 Theme Demonstration

## Default Theme Features
- **Light background** with dark text
- **Black borders** on tables for clear definition
- **Professional color scheme** suitable for business presentations
- **High contrast** for excellent readability

## Dark Theme Features  
- **Dark background** (#1a1a1a) for modern appearance
- **Light gray borders** (#e0e0e0) for visibility on dark background
- **White text** for optimal contrast
- **Contemporary design** perfect for tech presentations

---

# 💻 Code Block Support

## Python Example

```python
def fibonacci(n):
    if n <= 1:
        return n
    return fibonacci(n-1) + fibonacci(n-2)

# Generate sequence
for i in range(10):
    result = fibonacci(i)
    print(f"F({i}) = {result}")
```

## JavaScript Example

```javascript
async function fetchUserData(userId) {
    try {
        const response = await fetch(`/api/users/${userId}`);
        return await response.json();
    } catch (error) {
        console.error('Failed to fetch user data:', error);
        throw error;
    }
}
```

## SQL Example

```sql
-- Complex query with joins and aggregation
SELECT 
    u.username,
    COUNT(p.id) as post_count,
    AVG(p.rating) as avg_rating
FROM users u
LEFT JOIN posts p ON u.id = p.user_id
WHERE u.created_at >= '2024-01-01'
GROUP BY u.id, u.username
HAVING COUNT(p.id) > 5
ORDER BY avg_rating DESC;
```

---

# 📝 List Formatting

## Unordered Lists

- **Primary feature**: Full markdown support
- **Secondary feature**: Inline styling within lists
  - *Nested items* with proper indentation
  - `Code elements` in list items
  - ==Highlighted content== for emphasis
- **Tertiary feature**: Multiple nesting levels

## Ordered Lists

1. **Setup Phase**
   1. Install dependencies with `pip install -r requirements.txt`
   2. Configure environment variables
   3. Initialize database schema

2. **Development Phase**
   1. Write ==clean, maintainable code==
   2. Add comprehensive *unit tests*
   3. Document **public APIs**

3. **Deployment Phase**
   1. Run `pytest` for quality assurance
   2. Deploy to ==production environment==
   3. Monitor *system performance*

---

# ⚠️ Admonition Demo

Below are examples of every admonition style currently supported by the slide generator:

!!! note "Note"
    This is a friendly note.

!!! info "Information"
    Additional information for the reader.

!!! tip "Tip"
    Quick pro-tip to speed up your workflow.

!!! warning "Watch Out"
    Something risky here. Proceed with caution when performing this step.

!!! caution "Caution"
    Be careful — this operation cannot be undone.

!!! danger "Danger"
    Serious danger ahead. Backup your data first!

!!! error "Error"
    The system encountered a fatal error.

!!! attention "Attention"
    Eye-catching message for important updates.

---

# 🧩 Admonitions in Columns

:::columns

:::column

!!! tip "Left Column"
    Tips stay readable even in a narrow column.

:::

:::column

!!! danger "Right Column"
    Danger blocks render correctly alongside others.

:::

:::

---

# 🔧 Technical Architecture

## Core Components

| Component | Responsibility | Key Features |
|-----------|----------------|--------------|
| **MarkdownParser** | Parse markdown to HTML | Enhanced with `markdown-it-py`, custom syntax support |
| **LayoutEngine** | Measure and position elements | Browser-based measurement, accurate pagination |
| **PPTXRenderer** | Generate PowerPoint files | Native table support, theme-aware styling |
| **ThemeLoader** | Manage visual themes | CSS-based configuration, font size synchronization |

## Processing Pipeline

The system processes content through these stages:
1. **Markdown Input** → Parse with markdown-it-py
2. **HTML Generation** → Add inline styling support  
3. **Browser Layout** → Measure with Puppeteer engine
4. **Block Positioning** → Calculate precise coordinates
5. **PowerPoint Output** → Generate native PPTX format

---

# 📏 Pagination & Layout

## Intelligent Pagination

The system uses **browser-based measurement** for accurate pagination:

- ✅ **Boundary detection**: Content exceeding slide limits automatically flows to next slide
- ✅ **Relative positioning**: Accounts for CSS margins and spacing
- ✅ **Overflow prevention**: No content extends beyond slide boundaries
- ✅ **Smart breaks**: Preserves logical content grouping where possible

## Layout Quality

- **Pixel-perfect positioning** using browser layout engine
- **Consistent spacing** matching CSS specifications
- **Professional typography** with proper font rendering
- **Responsive design** adapting to different content types

---

# 🎯 Quality Assurance

## Test Coverage

| Test Category | Count | Coverage |
|---------------|-------|----------|
| Unit Tests | 51 | Core functionality |
| Integration Tests | 15 | End-to-end workflows |
| Visual Tests | 3 | Appearance validation |
| Boundary Tests | 8 | Edge case handling |

## Validation Features

- **Content completeness**: All markdown elements preserved
- **No overlaps**: Shapes positioned without collision
- **Boundary compliance**: Content within slide limits
- **Format consistency**: Styling applied correctly
- **Theme adherence**: Colors and fonts match specifications

---

# 🌟 Recent Improvements

## Table Column Width Fix ✅

**Problem**: Columns distributed equally regardless of content
**Solution**: HTML auto-width calculation with proper PowerPoint integration

**Before**: `Age` column wrapping to `Ag\\ne` due to equal distribution
**After**: Smart width allocation based on content (60px, 47px, 51px)

## Dark Theme Border Fix ✅

**Problem**: Black borders invisible on dark background
**Solution**: Theme-aware border colors with XML manipulation

**Dark Theme**: Light gray borders (`#e0e0e0`) for visibility
**Default Theme**: Black borders (`#000`) for definition

---

# 📈 Performance Metrics

## Processing Speed

| Content Type | Processing Time | Slides Generated |
|--------------|----------------|------------------|
| Simple Text | ~0.5 seconds | 1-2 slides |
| With Tables | ~1.2 seconds | 2-3 slides |
| Code Heavy | ~0.8 seconds | 2-4 slides |
| Mixed Content | ~1.5 seconds | 3-5 slides |

## Quality Metrics

- ✅ **99.8% formatting accuracy** across all content types
- ✅ **Zero overlaps** in generated presentations
- ✅ **100% boundary compliance** - no content overflow
- ✅ **Perfect theme consistency** across all elements

---

# 🎉 Summary & Next Steps

## What You've Experienced

- ✅ **Complete inline styling** - bold, italic, code, highlights
- ✅ **Smart table rendering** - HTML auto-width with theme-aware borders  
- ✅ **Professional code blocks** - syntax highlighting and proper formatting
- ✅ **Intelligent pagination** - browser-based measurement and positioning
- ✅ **Theme support** - default and dark themes with full consistency
- ✅ **Quality assurance** - comprehensive testing and validation

## Ready for Production

This slide generator is **production-ready** with:
- 🚀 **High performance** browser-based rendering
- 🎯 **Pixel-perfect accuracy** in layout and positioning  
- 🎨 **Professional themes** with consistent styling
- 🔧 **Robust architecture** with comprehensive error handling
- ✅ **Extensive testing** ensuring reliability and quality

**Thank you** for exploring the ==complete feature set==!

---

# 🔗 Technical Details

## API Usage

Basic usage example:

```python
from slide_generator.generator import SlideGenerator

# Basic usage
generator = SlideGenerator()
generator.generate(markdown_content, "output.pptx")

# With theme support
generator = SlideGenerator(theme="dark")
generator.generate(markdown_content, "dark_presentation.pptx")
```

## Configuration Options

- **Themes**: `"default"`, `"dark"`
- **Debug mode**: Detailed processing information
- **Output formats**: PowerPoint (.pptx) with full compatibility
- **Custom styling**: CSS-based theme configuration

**End of demonstration** - ==All features showcased==! 🎊

---

# 📝 Speaker Notes Demo

This slide demonstrates **speaker notes functionality** with *various styling elements*.

You can add ==highlighted text== and `inline code` to make your content more engaging.

Visit our [official website](https://example.com) for more information.

<!-- NOTE: This is the first speaker note example. It contains important details for the presenter about the slide content and should appear in PowerPoint's speaker notes section. -->

---

# 🎤 Advanced Speaker Notes

This is the **second example** slide showing more *complex formatting* with speaker notes.

Key points to remember:
- ==Important information== should be highlighted
- Use `code blocks` for technical terms
- Link to [external resources](https://docs.example.com) when needed

The speaker notes below contain additional context and talking points.

<!-- NOTE: This is the second speaker note with multiple lines.
It demonstrates that speaker notes can span multiple lines and contain rich information.
Presenters can include bullet points, additional context, or reminders here.
These notes will appear in PowerPoint's speaker notes view but won't affect the slide layout. -->

---

# 🧮 Math Equations Support

The slide generator now supports LaTeX math equations using KaTeX rendering.

## Inline Math

You can include inline math like $E=mc^2$ or $\alpha + \beta = \gamma$ directly in your text.

The quadratic formula is $x = \frac{-b \pm \sqrt{b^2-4ac}}{2a}$.

## Block Math

For display math, use double dollar signs:

$$
\int_a^b f'(x) dx = f(b) - f(a)
$$

Euler's famous identity:

$$
e^{i\pi} + 1 = 0
$$

## Complex Equations

More complex equations like matrices are also supported:

$$
\begin{pmatrix}
a & b \\
c & d
\end{pmatrix}
\begin{pmatrix}
x \\
y
\end{pmatrix}
=
\begin{pmatrix}
ax + by \\
cx + dy
\end{pmatrix}
$$

Math equations are automatically cached for performance and work in both themes!

---

# 📈 Figures Demo

Bar chart (80% width):

![Caption: Sample bar chart demonstrating data visualization with proper scaling|0.8x](assets/chart_bar.png)

Pie chart (60% height):

![Caption: Distribution chart showing proportional data representation|0.6y](assets/chart_pie.png)

## Advanced Jinja2 Template Examples

You can also use the new template syntax for dynamic figures:
{% figure "bar_chart" width=0.7 caption="Generated using Jinja2 template syntax" %}

# Two-column slide: table on left, [text on right]{.wavy .blue}

:::columns

:::column

### 📋 Project Status Table

| Task | Owner | Progress |
|------|-------|----------|
| Authentication | Alice | [100%]{.red} |
| Database | Bob | [80%]{.green} |
| API Docs | Carol | [100%]{.green .underline} |
| Analytics | Dave | 60% |

:::

:::column

### ✍️ Notes

All core features are either complete or in final testing. 
[Performance]{.bold .blue} metrics are excellent.

:::

:::

---

# 📈 Figures Demo (Columns)

:::columns

:::column {width=60%}

![Caption: Task completion progress visualization](assets/chart_bar.png)

:::

:::column

The bar chart shows relative task completion percentages. Authentication and API docs are finished; analytics is lagging.

:::

:::

---

# 🖼️ Figure + Table Demo

:::columns

:::column

![Pie Chart](assets/chart_pie.png)

:::

:::column

| Segment | % |
|---------|---|
| Complete | 55 |
| In-Progress | 35 |
| Blocked | 10 |

:::

:::

---

# Two-column slide (60% / 40%)

:::columns

:::column {width=60%}

### 📋 Project Status Table

| Task | Owner | Progress |
|------|-------|----------|
| Authentication | Alice | 100% |
| Database | Bob | 80% |
| API Docs | Carol | 100% |
| Analytics | Dave | 60% |

:::

:::column {width=40%}

### ✍️ Notes

All core features are either complete or in progress. Remaining items are performance tuning and UX polish.

:::

:::

---

# Two-column slide (Auto + default)

:::columns

:::column {width=auto}

### 📋 Project Status Table

| Task | Owner | Progress |
|------|-------|----------|
| Authentication | Alice | 100% |
| Database | Bob | 80% |
| API Docs | Carol | 100% |
| Analytics | Dave | 60% |

:::

:::column

### ✍️ Notes

All core features are either complete or in progress. Remaining items are performance tuning and UX polish.

:::

:::
